Update hardware key support docs (#33553)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/access-controls/guides/hardware-key-support.mdx

## Step 1/2. Enforce hardware key support

Hardware key support is not required by default. 

> There are three primary options for hardware key support, in order of security benefit:

Reviewer: Nit: I would just remove "in order of security benefit" as from the wording it's not clear whether it means increasing or decreasing benefit.
```suggestion
There are three primary options for hardware key support:
```

>   - `hardware_key`: User keys are stored on their hardware key without touch/pin protection. A separate MFA check is used for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `hardware_key`: User keys are stored on their hardware key without touch/PIN protection. A separate MFA check is used for
```

Here and throughout the document - PIN is an acronym and should be capitalized.

>   sessions and other MFA-reliant features, like moderated sessions.
>   - `hardware_key_touch`: User keys are stored on their hardware key with touch protection, meaning on each request the user will
>   be required to touch their hardware key.
>   - `hardware_key_touch_and_pin`: User keys will be stored on their hardware key with touch and pin protection, meaning on each
>   request the user will be required to touch their hardware key and enter their PIV pin.
>     - If the user has not yet set a PIV pin, they will be prompted to set it during login.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  sessions and other MFA-related features, like moderated sessions.
  - `hardware_key_touch`: User keys are stored on their hardware key with touch protection. On each request, users  must touch their hardware key.
  - `hardware_key_touch_and_pin`: User keys are stored on their hardware key with touch and PIN protection. On each request, users musr touch their hardware key and enter their PIV pin.
    - Users who have not set a PIV code are prompted to set it during login.
```

# example.com online root                *        
```

## Custom PIV setup

### Custom PIV Slot

By default, Teleport clients use the following PIV slots for each option:
  - `hardware_key`: slot `9a`
  - `hardware_key_touch`: slot `9c`
  - `hardware_key_pin`: slot `9d`
  - `hardware_key_and_pin`: slot `9e`

> If you are using any other PIV applications, you may need to specify a different slot to be used.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you are using any other PIV applications, you might need to specify a different slot.
```

> For example, `yubikey-agent` uses slot `9a`, so a user with the `hardware_key` requirement would need
> to specify a different slot to avoid overwriting their `yubikey-agent` key and cert.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For example, `yubikey-agent` uses slot `9a`. To avoid overwriting the `yubikey-agent` key and certificate, a user with the `hardware_key` requirement would need to specify a different slot.
```

> During login, users can specify a piv slot themselves with the `tsh` flag or env var:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
During login, users can specify a PIV slot using the `--piv-slot` command-line option or an environment variable.
For example:
```

  - `tsh login --piv-slot=9c`
  - `TELEPORT_PIV_SLOT=9c tsh login`

> The PIV slot can also be set cluster wide with a config option:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The PIV slot can also be set cluster-wide with a configuration option:
```

```yaml
kind: cluster_auth_preference
metadata:
  ...
  name: cluster-auth-preference
spec:
  ...
  require_session_mfa: hardware_key
  piv_slot: 9c
  ...
version: v2
```

### Custom Key

> Teleport Clients generate keys in the slots specified above using the default management key.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Teleport clients generate keys in the slots specified using the default management key.
```

> If your PIV key has a differement management key set, you will need to generate the key yourself.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If your PIV key uses a different management key set, you must generate the key yourself.
```

> This can be done with the [yubikey manager tool command](https://developers.yubico.com/yubikey-manager/):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This can be done with the [YubiKey Manager CLI](https://developers.yubico.com/yubikey-manager/):
```

`ykman piv keys generate -a ECCP256 [slot] --touch-policy=[never|cached|always] --pin-policy=[never|once|always] -`

> You'll be prompted to enter your management key to complete the request. Make sure that the touch and pin policy satisfy

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After running this command, you're prompted to enter your management key to complete the request. Make sure that the touch and PIN policy satisfy
```

Both `tsh` and Teleport Connect automatically catch these errors and require the user to sign in again with a valid hardware-based private key. 
If you see this error, make sure that your client is up to date (v11.0.0+).

### `ERROR: authenticating with management key: auth challenge: smart card error 6982: security status not satisfied`

> Smart card auth challenge errors can appear when the wrong Management key is used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Smart card auth challenge errors can appear when the wrong management key is used.
```

Shouldn't it either be _Management Key_ or _management key_?

> Teleport clients expect a fresh PIV key with the default Management key. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Teleport clients expect a fresh PIV key with the default management key. 
```

You can reset this key, along with any existing PIV keys and certificates, with the 

> [yubikey manager tool command](https://developers.yubico.com/yubikey-manager/) `ykman piv reset`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[YubiKey Manager CLI](https://developers.yubico.com/yubikey-manager/) `ykman piv reset`.
```

> If you want to use a different management key, you can follow the [custom PIV setup instructions](#custom-piv-setup).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you want to use a different management key, follow the [custom PIV setup instructions](#custom-piv-setup).
```
